crypto, markets, trading The gameStop squeeze on short-sellers is an extraordinary event in markets . there has been a centrally controlled game in the global financial system in which insiders benefited while outsiders got hurt that comes to a head with a company called GameStop . macro-investing has had a hard time making money in markets now for decades . Victor Niederhoffer blew his hedge fund up in 1997 in a highly statistically improbable event . he sold puts that were targeted by market mechanics rather than ‘truth’ . the market is so volatile that the entire equity market could change trajectory over a period of months . a new epoch of financial markets had begun . a post-modernist, post-truth financial system was headed by a mob . but for a lot of people they might be thrown into the same basket . it was fine for people creating the financial system . LTCM was a group of insiders using incredible amounts of leverage to make wrong decisions in markets . it spites Niederhoffer because the impact on the market as a result of their failure is the best piece of evidence that they were ultimately wrong when the positions that he took ended his career would have been threatened again in 1998 . the global financial crisis of 2008 was a result of Greenspans put money and the financial institutions writing the rules for financial institutions . the politically connected were able to exploit event risk, with insider knowledge providing superior returns . in 2020, the public were ahead of it for the first time . the majority of these trades are through a broker called ‘RobinHood’ . it sells its order-flow to high frequency trading firms, with its largest partner being Citadel, a hedge fund . rumour that they require funding has spread to the entirety of global financial market participants . the global financial system may simply not survive this total moral failure of making it so clear that two sets of rules exist . we expect more and more from the financial media, whimpering about the problems that they have promoted, participated in and exploited, that buries a Victor Niederhoffer while rewarding the destruction of the global market pricing mechanism . it’s only when the average man on the street participates in their game with their rules, that we hear a complaint . 'don't expect any pointed posts from me tomorrow( i try to keep them innocuous as I lose a google of followers every time i stray from the Woke' 'the time to stop this infernal topsy turvy market where the bags are temporarily losing to the public,' says Victor .